azurerm_app_service - support for the acr_use_managed_identity_creds and acr_user_managed_identity_id properties (#12745)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/app_service.html.markdown

* `websockets_enabled` - Are WebSockets enabled for this App Service?

> * `acr_use_managed_identity_creds` - Are Managed Identity Creds be used for Azure Container Registry pull.
> 
> * `acr_user_managed_identity_id` - The User Managed Identity, Client Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `acr_use_managed_identity_creds` - Are Managed Identity Credentials used for Azure Container Registry pull.

* `acr_user_managed_identity_id` - The User Managed Identity ID.
```
